Applications for Cohort 2027 are now open!
Apply to any Apple Developer Academy in Indonesia from now through June 15, 2026.

 
 

APPLY NOW
The Academy
Open for
18+
Everyone
 
When
March – December 2027
The Apple Developer Academy @ BINUS, Tangerang is Asia's first-ever initiative to empower Indonesia's economy by creating world-class developers for the world's most innovative and vibrant app ecosystem.

The Academy focuses on coding, design and professional skills. The 9-month journey supports you to develop your own apps and become a well-rounded professional. Our professional skills curriculum will sharpen your leadership skills to build a team, collaborate effectively, and set yourself apart in your CV.



I make great apps to help people
What’s your passion?
Be it fitness, education, or even gaming, you will create your own apps through a series of open challenges. Find your passion, and you are free to turn your ideas into reality.

Choose your own career
What's your competitive edge?
Coders are common, but developers are rare. The Academy experience helps you to become a "T-Shaped professional", one with a unique blend of tech, design, and professional skills, with the ability to communicate across these disciplines.



Be a part of global community
Build world-class networks
World-class professionals have world-class networks. The academy leverages the most forward-thinking companies and partners locally and globally to provide you with a head start in business innovation.

Our Global Community
The Apple Developer Academy @ BINUS, Tangerang is open to learners with a valid residence or citizenship in Indonesia. If you live in other areas of the country or around the world, you may consider the following options in your respective country:

Indonesia
Apple Developer Academy at BINUS, Bali**
Apple Developer Academy at BINUS, Tangerang
Apple Developer Academy at Ciputra, Surabaya
Apple Developer Academy at Infinite Learning, Batam*
Apple Developer Academy at Central Jakarta
Brazil
Italy
Saudi Arabia
South Korea
USA

(*) Open to ASEAN Country
(**) Open for International Applicants


Maps Locations
Contact Us
 	
OUR LOCATION
Jl. BSD Green Office Park 9
Sampora, Cisauk, Tangerang,
Banten, 15345

Get Directions

 	
contact@developeracademy.id

 	
@appledeveloperacademy.binus

 	
+62811-1056-4567 (Chat Only)


© 2026 Apple Developer Academy @ BINUS, Tangerang. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
