What is the Apple Developer Academy Program?
The Apple Developer Academy at Binus is the first initiative in Southeast Asia to strengthen Indonesia's economy by creating world-class developers in an innovative and dynamic application development ecosystem. This 10-month academy program is open to potential participants of all ages and backgrounds from all over Indonesia. The curriculum is designed to support those with experience in programming and computer science as well as those interested in fields such as design, business, and others.

The program will provide participants with new insights and opportunities to challenge themselves by solving real-world problems through application development, technology development, and startup ideas. The academy will strengthen participants' creativity and collaboration, which are essential skills needed throughout the program. The program will be delivered mainly in Bahasa Indonesia but also in English by facilitators at the Apple Developer Academy at BINUS.

How long is the program?
The program is designed to run for 10 months, starting in March and concluding in December (every year). There are two shifts available: in the morning (from 08:00 a.m. to 12:00 p.m.) or in the afternoon (from 13:00 p.m. to 17:00 p.m.). All participants will attend sessions from Monday to Friday, and they must commit to attending the academy onsite for four hours per day during the specified shift times.

The session is selected during the recruitment process and for any changes, participants must provide a comprehensive formal explanation. If candidates have already been assigned to join the morning shift, they will be unable to change shifts until the program concludes.

Please be aware that onboarding will commence in February, so there will be several days where participants will be required to attend the office for preparation.

Who can attend?
The Academy program offers opportunities for everyone aged 18 and above. Our candidates come from many different backgrounds such as STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics), Design, Business, and other specific domains. You don't need to have extraordinary coding skills to apply, but you have to prepare some basic understanding of technology (logic) as some of the question in the online test may contains tech terminology.

We open opportunities for participants from all universities in Indonesia to join the Apple Developer Academy program for internships or independent studies.

What are the eligibility requirements to participate in the program?
Eligibility Requirements:

The minimum age is 18 years old.
You must possess an Indonesian Citizenship Card (KTP) and reside in Indonesia to join the Apple Developer Academy program.
Fresh graduates, part-timers, full-time employees, and business owners are welcome to apply.
Open to candidates from various fields other than Technology, such as Design, Business, and other Specific Skillsets.
Must be available to participate in a 10-month program from March to December (onsite).
Able to allocate a minimum of 4 hours per day (Monday to Friday), with sessions as follows:
Session 1: 8:00 a.m.–12:00 p.m.
Session 2: 1:00 p.m.–5:00 p.m.
Participants must commit to attending one of the sessions (selected during the recruitment) and are not allowed to switch to another session when the Academy cohort starts.
A good team player with excellent collaboration skills.
Self-motivated and creative.
Have a strong desire to solve problems and create solutions in the form of useful applications for society.

How do I qualify for the program?
To apply for the program, candidates must complete an online admissions test. However, the test result alone is not the sole factor in the acceptance process. The academy will conduct interviews, review portfolios, and request CVs as part of the evaluation. Highly motivated candidates are preferred.


What are the selection criterion for the program?
The test results from our standard assessment test are just one criterion for admission. Online tests, interviews, motivation letters, portfolios, and CVs are also crucial for consideration. Ideal candidates should demonstrate a high level of proficiency, motivation to learn, and the ability to collaborate effectively in their applications.

How do I follow the selection process?
To register, please follow the process below:

To register, complete the online application form.
Verify your email and complete your portfolio.
You will be contacted via email to take an online test.
You may also be required to attend an in-person (onsite) interview.
Announcements will be made after an internal review of the results of the online test, interview, and portfolio documents.

What are the benefits of participating in the program?
Benefits:

This is a completely free scholarship program. (Scholarship-Internship)
A MacBook and an iPhone are provided.
Monthly stipend
Produce applications with personal IP (intellectual property).
Collaborate directly with industry to innovate.
Can determine your own task and role in each project.
Career opportunities as technology professionals (recruitment via TalentSpark)
Join the global community of the Apple Developer Academy alumni.

What is the cost to attend the program?
A full scholarship will be awarded for those who qualify for the program. In addition, a stipend will be provided in monthly basis.

How is the Program running during tense situation (such Pandemic or Demonstration)?
We have developed protocols in case a future pandemic situation occurs again. During a pandemic, we will conduct remote activities in compliance with government regulations and guidelines. We have also implemented health protocols to minimize the spread of the disease if it is related to the virus.

Depending on the circumstances, we may continue to conduct remote activities in the following year or until the government declares the situation to be under control. Once it is endemic, activities will resume at the Apple Developer Academy facility as normal.
